c:\users\cam\desktop\test\Time Clock\Time Clock\obj\Debug\Time Clock.vbprojAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\cam\desktop\test\Time Clock\Time Clock\obj\Debug\Time_Clock.Login.resources
c:\users\cam\desktop\test\Time Clock\Time Clock\obj\Debug\Time_Clock.Resources.resources
c:\users\cam\desktop\test\Time Clock\Time Clock\obj\Debug\Time Clock.vbproj.GenerateResource.cache
c:\users\cam\desktop\test\Time Clock\Time Clock\obj\Debug\Time Clock.vbproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\users\cam\desktop\test\Time Clock\Time Clock\bin\Debug\Time Clock.exe.config
c:\users\cam\desktop\test\Time Clock\Time Clock\bin\Debug\Time Clock.exe
c:\users\cam\desktop\test\Time Clock\Time Clock\bin\Debug\Time Clock.pdb
c:\users\cam\desktop\test\Time Clock\Time Clock\bin\Debug\Time Clock.xml
c:\users\cam\desktop\test\Time Clock\Time Clock\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.dll
c:\users\cam\desktop\test\Time Clock\Time Clock\bin\Debug\Google.Protobuf.dll
c:\users\cam\desktop\test\Time Clock\Time Clock\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.xml
c:\users\cam\desktop\test\Time Clock\Time Clock\obj\Debug\Time Clock.vbproj.CopyComplete
c:\users\cam\desktop\test\Time Clock\Time Clock\obj\Debug\Time Clock.exe
c:\users\cam\desktop\test\Time Clock\Time Clock\obj\Debug\Time Clock.xml
c:\users\cam\desktop\test\Time Clock\Time Clock\obj\Debug\Time Clock.pdb
c:\Users\Cam\Desktop\test\Time Clock\Time Clock\obj\Debug\Time_Clock.adminMain.resources
c:\Users\Cam\Desktop\test\Time Clock\Time Clock\obj\Debug\Time_Clock.standardMain.resources
c:\Users\Cam\Desktop\test\Time Clock\Time Clock\obj\Debug\Time_Clock.ClockoutConfirm.resources
c:\Users\Cam\Desktop\test\Time Clock\Time Clock\obj\Debug\Time_Clock.adminConfirm.resources
c:\Users\Cam\Desktop\test\Time Clock\Time Clock\obj\Debug\Time_Clock.SplashScreen.resources
c:\Users\Cam\Desktop\test\Time Clock\Time Clock\obj\Debug\Time_Clock.CustomSplash.resources
c:\Users\Cam\Desktop\test\Time Clock\Time Clock\bin\Debug\Time Clock.exe.manifest
c:\Users\Cam\Desktop\test\Time Clock\Time Clock\bin\Debug\Time Clock.application
c:\Users\Cam\Desktop\test\Time Clock\Time Clock\obj\Debug\Time Clock.exe.manifest
c:\Users\Cam\Desktop\test\Time Clock\Time Clock\obj\Debug\Time Clock.application
C:\Users\Cam\Desktop\test\Time Clock\Time Clock\obj\Debug\Time Clock.vbproj.ResolveComReference.cache
C:\Users\Cam\Desktop\test\Time Clock\Time Clock\obj\Debug\Time_Clock.NewUSer.resources
C:\Users\Faculty\Desktop\Time Clock\Time Clock\obj\Debug\Time Clock.vbprojAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Faculty\Desktop\Time Clock\Time Clock\obj\Debug\Time Clock.vbproj.ResolveComReference.cache
C:\Users\Faculty\Desktop\Time Clock\Time Clock\obj\Debug\Time Clock.exe
C:\Users\Faculty\Desktop\Time Clock\Time Clock\obj\Debug\Time Clock.xml
C:\Users\Faculty\Desktop\Time Clock\Time Clock\obj\Debug\Time Clock.pdb
C:\Users\Faculty\Desktop\Time Clock\Time Clock\bin\Debug\Time Clock.exe.config
C:\Users\Faculty\Desktop\Time Clock\Time Clock\bin\Debug\Time Clock.exe.manifest
C:\Users\Faculty\Desktop\Time Clock\Time Clock\bin\Debug\Time Clock.application
C:\Users\Faculty\Desktop\Time Clock\Time Clock\bin\Debug\Time Clock.exe
C:\Users\Faculty\Desktop\Time Clock\Time Clock\bin\Debug\Time Clock.pdb
C:\Users\Faculty\Desktop\Time Clock\Time Clock\bin\Debug\Time Clock.xml
C:\Users\Faculty\Desktop\Time Clock\Time Clock\bin\Debug\Google.Protobuf.dll
C:\Users\Faculty\Desktop\Time Clock\Time Clock\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.xml
C:\Users\Faculty\Desktop\Time Clock\Time Clock\obj\Debug\Time_Clock.adminConfirm.resources
C:\Users\Faculty\Desktop\Time Clock\Time Clock\obj\Debug\Time_Clock.adminMain.resources
C:\Users\Faculty\Desktop\Time Clock\Time Clock\obj\Debug\Time_Clock.ClockoutConfirm.resources
C:\Users\Faculty\Desktop\Time Clock\Time Clock\obj\Debug\Time_Clock.CustomSplash.resources
C:\Users\Faculty\Desktop\Time Clock\Time Clock\obj\Debug\Time_Clock.Login.resources
C:\Users\Faculty\Desktop\Time Clock\Time Clock\obj\Debug\Time_Clock.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Faculty\Desktop\Time Clock\Time Clock\obj\Debug\Time_Clock.NewUSer.resources
C:\Users\Faculty\Desktop\Time Clock\Time Clock\obj\Debug\Time_Clock.SplashScreen.resources
C:\Users\Faculty\Desktop\Time Clock\Time Clock\obj\Debug\Time_Clock.standardMain.resources
C:\Users\Faculty\Desktop\Time Clock\Time Clock\obj\Debug\Time Clock.vbproj.GenerateResource.cache
C:\Users\Faculty\Desktop\Time Clock\Time Clock\obj\Debug\Time Clock.vbproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\Faculty\Desktop\Time Clock\Time Clock\obj\Debug\Time Clock.exe.manifest
C:\Users\Faculty\Desktop\Time Clock\Time Clock\obj\Debug\Time Clock.application
C:\Users\Faculty\Desktop\Time Clock\Time Clock\obj\Debug\Time Clock.vbproj.CopyComplete
C:\Users\Faculty\Desktop\Time Clock\Time Clock\obj\Debug\Time_Clock.AdminSearchDialog.resources
